Use the `fontawesome` package for the HTML dependency on Font Awesome (#2451)
rstudio/rmarkdown: NEWS.md

rmarkdown 2.21
================================================================================

> - Now uses the Font Awesome HTML dependency from the `fontawesome` package. This package frequently updates Font Awesome icons and it is now imported by `rmarkdown` (thanks, @rich-iannone, #2451).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Now HTML output formats use the Font Awesome HTML dependency from the **fontawesome** package instead of shipping an outdated version of Font Awesome in **rmarkdown** (thanks, @rich-iannone, #2451).
```
